OSDOCS-18216-1: updates CoreDNS as GA (#106229)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ref-coredns-corefile-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *deployment/deployment.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ref-coredns-corefile-config_{context}"]
= CoreDNS Corefile configuration reference

[role="_abstract"]

> A Corefile is organized into server blocks that define how DNS queries are handled based on the port and zone. Plugin execution order is determined at build time, not by Corefile order, so you can list plugins in any order. When making configurations by using the DNS Operator, you can check the ConfigMap for the resulting server block.

Reviewer: When talking about API objects generically, should be lowercase

```suggestion
A Corefile is organized into server blocks that define how DNS queries are handled based on the port and zone. Plugin execution order is determined at build time, not by Corefile order, so you can list plugins in any order. When making configurations by using the DNS Operator, you can check the config map for the resulting server block.
```

If you're going to do the actual PascalCase, then it should be in backticks

{prodname} includes a minimal Corefile that you can update for your uses:
.Minimal Corefile
----
Corefile: |
    . {
        health
        ready
    }
----

For a Corefile with configurations, see the following example:

> .Example configured Corefile

Reviewer: This isn't rendering properly. I assume it needs a blank line above
